                     FACADE DESIGN PATTERNS

Provide a unified interface to a set of interfaces in a subsystem. 
Facade defines a higher-level interface that makes the subsystem easier to use.

Basically, this is saying that we need to interact with a system that is easier than the current method, 
or we need to use the system in a particular way (such as using a 3D drawing program in a 2D way). 
We can build such a method of interaction because we only need to use a subset of the system in question.

Faxades make a client's life easier. 
Suppose that there is a complex system where multuiple objects need to perform a series of tasks, 
and you need to interact with the system.

In a situation like this, facade can provide you a simplified interface that takes care of everything
(the creation of those objects, providing the correct sequence of tasks, etc.). 

As a result, instead of interacting with multiple objects in a complicated way, you just interact with a single object. 

The Facade pattern is useful in such situations. 
The Façade pattern provides a higher level, simplified interface for a subsystem resulting in reduced complexity and dependency. 
This in turn makes the subsystem usage easier and more manageable.



                    REAL WORLD EXAMPLE
                    
Suppose that you are going to organize a birthday party, and you plan to invite 500 people.
Nowadays, you can go to any party organizer and let them know the key information—
party type, 
the date and time, 
number of attendees, and so forth. 
The organizer does the rest for you. 
You do not need to think about 
how the hall will be decorated, 
whether attendees will get their food from a buffet table or be served by the waiter, and so forth. 
So, you do not need to buy items from the store or decorate the party hall yourself—you just pay the organizer and let them do the job properly.


                     COMPUTER WORLD EXAMPLE
                     
Think about a situation where you use a method from a library (in the context of a programming language). 
You do not care how the method is implemented in the library. 
You just call the method to experiment the easy usage of it.


                      
            What are key advantages of using a facade design pattern
                 
If a system consists of many subsystems, managing all those subsystems becomes very tough and 
clients may find their life difficult to communicate separately with each of these subsystems. 
In this scenario, facade patterns are very much handy. It provides a simple interface to clients. 
In simple words, instead of presenting complex subsystems, you present one simplified interface to clients. 
This approach also promotes weak coupling by separating a client from the subsystems.

It can also help you to reduce the number of objects that a client needs to deal with.
                      
